Connection pooling guidelines for PostgreSQL (#6868)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/postgresql/index.md

When an endpoint is scaled out to multiple instances, more retries may be observed than configured, as each instance accumulates failures until a single node has observed enough retries to escalate to delayed retries. It is also possible for immediate retries to be observed on a different instance even when [Recoverability](/nservicebus/recoverability/) is configured for zero immediate retries.

### Connection pooling

> By default, PostgreSQL [limits the maximum number](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-connection.html#RUNTIME-CONFIG-CONNECTION-SETTINGS) of concurrent client connections to `100` per database server. [Client connection pooling mechanism](https://www.npgsql.org/doc/connection-string-parameters.html#pooling) built into the Npgsql library (used internally by the transport) should prevent hitting this constraint for small deployments. When the limit is reached, the following options should be considered:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, PostgreSQL [limits the maximum number](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-connection.html#RUNTIME-CONFIG-CONNECTION-SETTINGS) of concurrent client connections to `100` per database server. The [client connection pooling mechanism](https://www.npgsql.org/doc/connection-string-parameters.html#pooling) built into the Npgsql library (used internally by the transport) should prevent this constraint from being hit for small system deployments. When the limit is reached, the following options should be considered:
```

- using [PgBouncer](https://www.pgbouncer.org/), a self-hosted external connection pooling service, and tweaking the connection strings for endpoints and the platform tools according to [the Npgsql compatibility guidelines](https://www.npgsql.org/doc/compatibility.html#pgbouncer)
- using a hosted solution like [Azure Flexible Server](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/flexible-server/concepts-pgbouncer) or [AWS RDS Proxy](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/proxy/) 

> - changing the default value for [the `max_connections` setting](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-connection.html#RUNTIME-CONFIG-CONNECTION-SETTINGS) at the database server level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- changing the default value for [the `max_connections` setting](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-connection.html#RUNTIME-CONFIG-CONNECTION-SETTINGS) at the database server level. Note that this is not recommended for most systems, since each new connection [spins up a separate process](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/connect-estab.html) which can lead to system resource starvation
```
